setup PR template + linter + lint check workflow (#31)
UBC-VCL/VCL-content-platform: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Description

[Please enter a brief description of the PR]

## Updates

[Please enter a brief summary of updates to this PR during code review - if any]

## Checklist

> - [ ] Ran `npm run lint:fix` to format code
> - [ ] Connected PR to Trello ticket (steps below)
> - [ ] Requested at least one reviewer
> 
> Connecting your PR to the corresponding ticket:
> You will see a "GitHub" button on the right side of your ticket, click this -> Attach PR -> VCL-content-platform-server -> find your PR from the dropdown.

Reviewer: I really like this template! Great work! Below are just a few suggestions for lines 11-16:
1. I moved the second point of the checklist to be right above the **Connecting your PR to the corresponding ticket** just for immediate access to the steps once you scroll down. 
2. Changed  **Connecting your PR to the corresponding ticket** to a header (can be any heading level but preferably not header level 1).
3. Changed the steps for connecting your PR to be a list instead. 

```suggestion
- [ ] Ran `npm run lint:fix` to format code
- [ ] Requested at least one reviewer
- [ ] Connected PR to Trello ticket (steps below)

## Connecting your PR to the corresponding ticket:
- Click on the "GitHub" button found on the right of your Trello ticket
- Choose "Attach PR" from the dropdown list
- Link your GitHub account (if you haven't done so already)
- Navigate to`VCL-content-platform` and choose your PR from the dropdown. 
```

Reviewer: Perhaps we can also add the following to the checklist just in case? 
- [ ] Addressed code review comments
- [ ] Gained at least one approval for your PR

Up to you though :)

Author: sounds good, I'll add these
